so what do you think I think it could
work
look I'm sure there's somebody out there
who wants to go cross-country with the
whitest woman on the face of the earth
singing carpenter songs and reliving
childhood memories but it ain't me why
has it been easy for Jade men have
always been a mystery to Robin I'm the
one who spent three years at happy hour
and never went home with anybody except
bartender
and hobby calls in Weld every day is it
me or is she working her way down some
weird list of guys who call women pain
they had nothing in common not going
over Cliff Lee routine so just forget it
but an appetite for living and their
need for a home I'm eight weeks pregnant
please tell me you're kidding well it's
nice this has got to be the mother three
women who put it into secrecy Jen's been
so great to me
at first I thought she just liked me
because at the whole gay thing kids day
like Hello
she's living here
and create a world of intimacy I don't
know what it is but there's something
that goes on to women's week over name
Louise Parker and crew better more
of loyalty and Trust
safety in numbers
women on top
and boys on the side